  What are the 'top selling' app categories in the U.S.?  What are the 'top selling' app categories in Japan and Great Britain?
The largest categories involve entertainment and social networking.  The top categories being games, social networking apps, and those that deal with entertainment.
It seems that Great Britain and Japan share similar interestes as the US.  Games seem to be a common trend that occupy a lot of users time and attention.  Apps like Angry Birds or Plants VS Zombies, and Words with Friends.

 Based on your three answers above, what might you infer about each of the markets listed?
Users are carrying mobile devices with them more now than ever.  Their desire for entertainment during the small breaks or microbreaks of their day tend to lean towards the gaming market.  Many of the games on mobiel devices fit their desires being low cost and highly entertaining.  The driving force of social gaming is another thing to consider.  People are sharing more now than ever before.  This comes while playing games, watching TV or movies, and taking vacations.

  What percentage of Android users have the latest/greatest OS in the U.S? in Japan? in Great Britain? How might these differences impact development?
The data that I found suggested that .3% of Android users have 4.0 or greater on their phone.  While the greatest percentage being Android 2.3.3-2.3.7, Gingerbread at 54%.  If you are developing for the Android platform you have to consider the users that are still running 2.2 or less.  How is this going to affect your application.  What features will you have to leave out to appeal to this demographic of users?  Developers on the Android platform are at a great disadvantage when it comes to making use of the latest OS.

 What is the average cost and bandwidth limits per user (in general) in each of the three markets? How may this impact development?
  US $42.00 for 2GB, Great Britain $25 for 2GB, Japan $12 for 2GB.  Well, it will be something that developers will need to consider when developing applications.  Taking into account the target market of the app and the cost for data usage.  If an app is a media rich app using lots of data, this will greatly impact the way an application is developed.

  And, finally, what would be your suggested strategy in project topic and global market choice? Feel free to have a first and second choice.
  There are many factors to consider.  The term that depends comes up a lot.  If you are seeking to develop an app to sell for profit you have to consider what platforms you can be most effective on.  iOS users tend to buy more apps than Android users.  As a developer, you also have to keep in mind the cost of development and market segmentation.  Android is on many different devices with different technical specifications.  Where iOS users are a more simplified market when it comes to developing.  They tend to have the latest OS and have fewer devices to develop for.  If the app that you are developing is something that you want available on all major mobile operating systems, then you have different factors to consider.  The Android Market Place is flooded with imitation apps that may look like the app that you develop and therefore make it more difficult for your users to find the app.  The difficulty Android users face when updating their OS is another thing to consider.  As a developer, do you want to continue to support several versions of the OS.  Doing so adds more work and increases the size of the application.  It also somewhat limits what can be done within the application.  iOS may have a smaller percentage of the market than Android, but it is also the most profitable.  Developers don't have to get everyone to buy their app if they get only a small percentage of the market to buy their app on iOS that still results in high sales figures.  An app on the Android Market may reach more handsets, but they might be harder to find and less likely to spend the money on the application.  This would decrease the value of the number of handsets that Android is on.  Another thing to consider is the new Windows Phone.  This looks to be another possibility for developers and handset makers when it comes to choosing an OS.  It will be interesting to see how the purchase of Motorola will effect the other handset makers choice in mobile OS.  Will they stick with Android or will they seek to go after Windows.

So, I would tend to lean towards the iOS market in the non-gaming categories.  I am currenlty working on two app ideas in the medical category and productivity is a huge passion of mine.  Ultimately, when it comes to the app it will depend on what type of business model I am going for.  For a productivity application, I am looking for mass adoption and so multiple platforms would be an important factor to consider.  In the medical categories, this is a tough market because of the health care industry.  I plan on starting with a simplified version of my product and expanding once enough testing has been done to justify further development.

